bpo-27929: resolve names only for AF_INET/AF_INET6 with asyncio (#32131)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-03-28-13-35-50.bpo-27929.j5mAmV.rst

> Fix :func:`asyncio.sock_connect` to only resolve names for ``AF_INET`` or
> ``AF_INET6`` families. Resolution may not make sense for other families,
> like ``AF_BLUETOOTH`` and ``AF_UNIX``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix :meth:`asyncio.loop.sock_connect` to only resolve names for :const:`socket.AF_INET` or
:const:`socket.AF_INET6` families. Resolution may not make sense for other families,
like :const:`socket.AF_BLUETOOTH` and :const:`socket.AF_UNIX`.
```
